SDK readme reorganization (#45)
finos-voice/greenkey-discovery-sdk: README.md

- Searching transcribed files for key phrases with [Scribe's File Transcription](https://transcription.greenkeytech.com/svt-e0286da/)

> Read more about Discovery on our [blog](https://greenkeytech.com/greenkey-scribe-discovery-skills/) or [checkout the full documentation](https://transcription.greenkeytech.com/discovery-1890af/)

Reviewer: :+1:

The GreenKey Discovery SDK
is hosted by the [Voice Program] of the Fintech Open Source Foundation ([FINOS]).
If you are a company interested in the evolution of
open standards, interoperability, and innovation in the financial services sector,
please consider joining FINOS.

# Overview
1. [Quickstart](#1-quickstart)
    - Step through the 'room_dialing' interpreter example.

2. [Customization and Discovery CLI](#2-customization-and-discovery-cli)
    - Customize your own interpreter and use the Discovery CLI to set up a project or entities.

3. [Advanced Examples and Documentation](#3-advanced-examples-and-documentation)
    - Transcribing voice audio files with SVTServer and using the Discovery engine.

# 1. Quickstart

## Requirements

- Docker 17+ (or Discovery Binaries)

> - Python 3 with `pip`

Reviewer: Here is where I would suggest putting information about the compiled binaries.

python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Obtaining Credentials

> [Contact Us](mailto:transcription@greenkeytech.com) to obtain credentials to obtain the Discovery Docker container from our repository and launch the Discovery engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Contact us](mailto:transcription@greenkeytech.com) to obtain credentials to obtain the Discovery Docker container from our repository and launch the Discovery engine.
```

    ...
    ```

    `tests.txt` follows the following format:
    ```
    test: {name of test}
    transcript: {transcript you want to parse}
    {entity 1}: {value}
    {entity 2}: {value}
    ...
    ```
    Ensure that your *transcripts are unformatted text with numbers spelled out*. Formatting will be taken care of by your entities, and the output from transcription engines will be unformatted.

2) The intents file, `examples/room_dialing/custom/intents.json`, contains examples that match the tests
    ```
    {
      "intents": [
        {
          "label": "room_dialing",
          "entities": ["digit"]
        }
      ]
    }
    ```
    where "room_dialing" is the name of the intent and the entities value ("digit") match entities in `tests.txt`.

3) Edit your `discovery_config.py` to specify your "GKT_USERNAME" and "GKT_SECRETKEY" credentials.

4) Execute `python3 test_discovery.py examples/room_dialing` to test the room_dialing example.
    ```
    Discovery Ready
    ======
    Testing: dial number
    Test passed
    
    ======
    Testing: dial number
    Test passed
    
    
    (2 / 2) tests passed in 0s with 0 errors, Character error rate: 0.00%
    ```

> ## Using Compiled Binary Files

Reviewer: I would weakly suggest putting this in the dependencies section and adding some boilerplate about how the test launches Discovery Docker container.

Author: Placing the test_discovery script in the dependencies section seems out of place. It is a test of an example folder.

I added information about how the test launches our Discovery Docker container and reference this in the dependencies section.

Author: After talking with Matthew, we decided to move the `Using Compiled Binary Files` section to be just after the `Dependencies` section

└───greenkey-discovery-sdk
    └───discovery_binaries_windows_10_64bit__python37_64bit
    └───examples
    └───gk_cli
    │   discovery_config.py
    │   README.md
    │   test_discovery.py
```

# 2. Customization and Discovery CLI

> Creating a custom project can be done by following the structure of an existing example found in `examples/`. The Discovery CLI tool can also be used to guide you through creating your own project and custom definition files for use with Discovery.

Reviewer 2: nitpicky... change to `examples folder` so it matches how you reference directories everywhere else

   Create a new project
```

# 3. Advanced Examples and Documentation

## Testing with Real Audio

> Scribe Discovery can work off of output from our delayed file transcription engine (SVTServer) or our real-time dictation engine (SQCServer).

Reviewer 2: instead of 'work off of output', maybe 'can use output from'

> Scribe Discovery can work off of output from our delayed file transcription engine (SVTServer) or our real-time dictation engine (SQCServer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scribe Discovery can use output from our delayed file transcription engine (SVTServer) or our real-time dictation engine (SQCServer).
```

    docker.greenkeytech.com/svtserver
```

> Once complete, you should have a JSON file for each audio file you generated (e.g. `test.json` for `test.wav`). This JSON file contains the **word confusion lattice** that Discovery searches for your target phrases.

Reviewer 2: **a** word confusion lattice but only if you want to add a line explaining what it is - and by explain, more like what is looks like than precisely what it does

Reviewer 2: 'This JSON file' to 'Each JSON file'

> These JSON files can be used directly with the Discovery Engine as [shown here](https://transcription.greenkeytech.com/discovery-1890af/deploying/#6-run-the-scribe-discovery-engine-on-a-file). The example directories provide guidance on how to send these files to discovery in the `send_transcript_to_discovery.sh` script.

Reviewer 2: capital `D` for `Discovery for consistency

For the 'room_dialing' example, `send_transcript_to_discovery.sh` contains:
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:1234/discover \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"transcript": "dial one eight"}'
```

## Full Documentation
Our full [documentation](https://transcription.greenkeytech.com/discovery-1890af/) provides many more in-depth descriptions, explanations and examples.

# Contributing

## Code of Conduct

Please make sure you read and observe our [Code of Conduct].

## Pull Request process

> 1. Fork it

Reviewer 2: they're all numbered `1.`

Reviewer 3: If you do a bunch of ones, markdown automatically replaces with ascending numbers.

## Pull Request process

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)

> 5. Create a new Pull Request

Reviewer 3: This seems worse. Did github not render this correctly?

Author: I'm seeing this
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16121413/53103847-f1352500-34f3-11e9-85e1-2bc9c079209a.png)

where the numbering is rendered when clicking the 'view file' button

Reviewer: I think Ashley's talking about the repeated 1s in markdown to make a numbered list.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, sorry, should have been more clear. Markdown will automatically increment a list of `1`s to be however long the list is. I think it is better, because  if you need to add something to the list, you don't have to redo all the numbers, you just add another 1.

Author: Ahh, yea that's a nice feature.

I manually changed that markdown from  "1. 1. 1." to "1. 2. 3." (github didn't auto create that)

I can go either way, a list of "1. 1. 1."  or "1. 2. 3."
The advantage that the "1. 2. 3." style has is that it's easily seen how many items are present
